Update teams-store-validation-guidelines.md (#4140)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/concepts/deploy-and-publish/appsource/prepare/teams-store-validation-guidelines.md

* Use active voice and speak to users directly. For example, *You can ...*.
* List features with bullet points so it's easier to scan the description.
* Clearly describe limitations, conditions, or exceptions to the functionality, features, and deliverables described in the listing and related materials before the user installs your app. The Teams capabilities your app supports must relate to the core functions your listing describes.

> * Ensure app description matches with the functionality available inside Teams app. Any reference to workflows outside of the Teams app must be limited & distinctly called out from the Teams app functionality. 

Reviewer: Could you please change it to:
```suggestion
* Ensure the app description matches with the functionality available inside Teams app. Any reference to workflows outside of the Teams app must be limited and distinctly called out from the Teams app functionality.
```

* Abbreviate **Microsoft** as **MS** or **MSFT**.
* Indicate the app is an offering from Microsoft, including using Microsoft slogans or taglines.
* Use copyrighted brand names you don't own.

> * * Use the following language unless you are a certified Microsoft partner:

Reviewer: Please remove additional bullet:
```suggestion
 * Use the following language unless you are a certified Microsoft partner:
 ```

  * "... certified for ..."
  * "... powered by ..."

> * Include typos, grammatical errors, and unnecessary capitalizations (for example, **Users** instead of **users**).

Reviewer: Please rephrase:
```suggestion
* Include typos, grammatical errors, and unnecessary capitalizations, such as **Users** instead of **users**.
```

* Include links to AppSource.

> * Make unverified claims such as best, top, ranked etc. unless accompanied by the source of the claim.

Reviewer: Please rephrase:
```suggestion
* Make unverified claims (for example: best, top, ranked), unless accompanied by the source of the claim.
```

> * Compare your offer with other marketplace offers 

Reviewer: Missing punctuation:
```suggestion
* Compare your offer with other marketplace offers.
```
